1.) Which assignment took you the longest to complete?

The first 4 assignments where we had a lot of section reviews to do took long. The longest was week 1. I find they were necessary though as they set a good starting point for the class to move forward.

2.) Which assignment was the most difficult?

Assignment 6 because, it was the first time being exposed to having to use the irvine32 and 64 library and reading through all the different individual procedures and what they did at first was overwhelming at times. Once we started using some of the procedures from the library though it became much easier but, at first it was overwhelming being thrown all these procedures at you all at once.

3.) Which assignment was the easiest?

Assignment 1 was the easiest since we only had 1 Algorithm Workbench problem and the rest was just section review or short answer problems where it was really just going back through the sections we just read and finding the answers or remembering the answers from what we had just read. There wasn't much porblem solving and more straight forward answers.

4.) Of the concepts we covered, which (if any) are you the most confused about still?

I don't think or feel that i'm still confused about any of the concepts. 

5.) If we had an extra week to spend on any of the concepts covered in this course, which one would it be?

Loops and the push and pop instructions I think was one that if we had a extra week could really help.

6.) Were there any assignments you felt were unnecessarily tedious (not necessarily difficult, but that took too long ot complete)?

Assignment 1 because, right off the bat you get hit with a lot of work and at the time it felt really tedious and unnecessary however, once you get your feet under you and catch on to the pace the class moves at you understand why it was so tedious. Also the content of assignment 1 when you're doing it seems unnecessary but, as the class moves along you understand why it was so tedious because, it was really important to have that base set to move forward from.

7.) Which assignment was your favorite?

Assignment 6 because, most of the other assignments are assignments that I with some time could have done in a CIS-5 class using C++, also I felt most of the assignments I had already seen a similar assignment to it in CIS-5 although it is a different language I found the assignment and what the assignment wanted you to do to be very similar to things that we have already done in CIS-5 however, assignment 6 was something completely new and pretty cool how it would just flash randomly in different areas it was the first time in the class it was something completely new and when you got it working and seeing it work it was a pretty awesome feeling.

8.) Which assignment do you think you learned the most from?

Assignment 1 because, it sets the base for everything else and it also gives you an idea right from the start the pace that class will go so right from the start I felt overwhelmed a bit because, of the amount of work however, the work tended to lighten because, it went from answering questions to doing programming excersises. Although sometimes the excersises would take a long time to get done I enjoyed doing them while assignment 1 felt tedious and more in line with a traditional history type class where you read and answer questions. However, the amount of information you learned sets the base for everything else so I would've probably been lost without assignment 1.

9.) Were the assignment requirements and due dates clear enough? If not, how so?

The assignment requirements and due dates were clear enough, the only improvement would be instead of saying 2 weeks before class ends say the actual date it falls on could've been better but, overall everything was clear even the due date.

10.) On a scale of 1-5, rate the difficulty (1=Breating, 5=Exiting Vim) of this course compared to other CIS courses you've taken?

2 or 3 the first week was probably much harder than previous CIS courses because, previous CIS courses ease you in a bit into the course this one throws you into a bunch of information from the start however, as the class moved along I would say it became about the same difficulty as any other CIS class maybe even a bit easier although I think that was more because I was getting a good understanding of the assignments and what needed to be done.

11.) Was the book used in this course effective/helpful? Would you recommend a different one?

Yes, the book used in this course was effective and helpful. I wouldn't recommend a different book.

12.) Were there any topics that we didn't cover that you would have liked to see included?

No.

13.) How can this course be improved?

Slow down the pace a bit especially the first 4 assignments where there was a lot of section review and short answer questions after that and once we got onto the programming excersises assignments I felt the course moved smoothly the first 4 assignments though because of the amount of work felt a bit overwhelming.
